chore(docs): Setting Up a Gatsby Site Without Gatsby New (#13774)
gatsbyjs/gatsby: docs/docs/setting-up-gatsby-without-gatsby-new.md

> ## Setting Up a Gatsby Site Without Gatsby New

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Setting Up a Gatsby Site Without `gatsby new`
```
@LekoArts can we use syntax highlighting in frontmatter?

Reviewer 2: Yep, should work

There are many Enterprise level companies that maintain an internal clone of the NPM registry for security purposes. If you work for such a company, you may find that you are able to successfully run `npm install -g gatsby-cli` but cannot run the `gatsby new <project-source>` as the `gatsby new` command clones a repo from a public GitHub repository. Many companies block public GitHub, which will cause the `gatsby new` command to fail. Not to worry, though, you can set up a new Gatsby site without the `gatsby new` command with a few quick steps.

## Preparing your environment
To get started with Gatsby, you’ll need to make sure you have the following software tools installed:

> 1. [Node.js](https://www.gatsbyjs.org/tutorial/part-zero/#install-nodejs)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
1. [Node.js](/tutorial/part-zero/#install-nodejs)
```

> 1. [npm CLI](https://www.gatsbyjs.org/tutorial/part-zero/#familiarize-with-npm)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
1. [npm CLI](/tutorial/part-zero/#familiarize-with-npm)
```

> 1. [Gatsby CLI](https://www.gatsbyjs.org/tutorial/part-zero/#install-the-gatsby-cli)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
1. [Gatsby CLI](/tutorial/part-zero/#install-the-gatsby-cli)
```

> For step-by-step installation instructions and detailed explanations of the required software, head on over to the [Gatsby tutorial](https://www.gatsbyjs.org/tutorial/part-zero/).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
For step-by-step installation instructions and detailed explanations of the required software, head on over to the [Gatsby tutorial](/tutorial/part-zero/).
```

For step-by-step installation instructions and detailed explanations of the required software, head on over to the [Gatsby tutorial](/tutorial/part-zero/).

After your developer environment is set up, you'll want to set up a new project folder.

```shell
mkdir my-new-gatsby-site
cd my-new-gatsby-site
```

Next, you'll need to set up NPM within your project.

```shell
npm init
```

> Fill out the prompts for the package.json file that is generated. If you'd like to skip that, you can run `npm init -y` and a pre-filled package.json will be generated for you.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Fill out the prompts for the `package.json` file that is generated. If you'd like to skip that, you can run `npm init -y` and a pre-filled `package.json` will be generated for you.
```

> Now, you'll need to install the neccessary packages that Gatsby relies on to work its magic.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Now, you'll need to install the necessary packages that Gatsby relies on to work its magic.
```

> npm i gatsby react react-dom

Reviewer 2: Being explicit here is better for beginners

```suggestion
npm install --save gatsby react react-dom
```

> Once your packages have installed, you'll likely want to add some of the Gatsby specific files at the root of your project.

Reviewer 2: I think we can remove this part as these files are not necessary to get a Gatsby site working

```shell
touch gatsby-config.js
touch gatsby-browser.js
```

> Next, you'll add a `src` directory and a `pages` directory inside of that. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Next, you'll add a `src` directory and a `pages` directory inside your project.
```

```shell
mkdir src
cd src
mkdir pages
```

Inside the pages directory, you'll make an `index.js` file that exports a React component.
```shell
cd pages
touch index.js
```

Now, add some React code to your `index.js` file as a starting point for your project.
```jsx:title=src/pages/index.js
import React from 'react';

export default () => (
  <h1>Hello Gatsby!</h1>
);
```

Finally, go back to the root of your project and run the `gatsby develop` command to start a development server and begin coding.
```shell
cd ../../ 
gatsby develop
```

> And that's it! You should now have your initial page running on `localhost:8000` with a GraphiQL IDE running on `localhost:8000/___graphql`. From here, you can follow the rest of the [Gatsby tutorial](https://www.gatsbyjs.org/tutorial/part-zero/#set-up-a-code-editor) starting with setting up a code editor to get the full experience of what Gatsby can offer.  

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
And that's it! You should now have your initial page running on `localhost:8000` with a GraphiQL IDE running on `localhost:8000/___graphql`. From here, you can follow the rest of the [Gatsby tutorial](/tutorial/part-zero/#set-up-a-code-editor) starting with setting up a code editor to get the full experience of what Gatsby can offer.  
```
